Assets Manager doc (#17512)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/guides/assets-manager/README.md

Old assets are not compiled as ES6 modules so they don't need these bundlers. For that matter we kept the old `gulpfile.js` which will be now triggered by `Concurrently` when doing `yarn build -gr`.

> Concurrently uses an `Assets.json` file that defines actions to execute. The old Gulp pipeline uses a `GulpAssets.json` file that defines actions to execute.

Reviewer: If I'm know wrong @Piedone submitted a PR for fix such issues, right?

Reviewer 2: Not yet, just opened https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/issues/17494.

Meaning that the ESM script will be interpreted as CommonJS by the browser if the script tag doesn't have it.

> Also, Vite by default only allows ES6 builds. Currently it will return a console log if you are trying to integrate its .js builds without the `type="module"` parameter on their script tag; if not they will throw exceptions from code, so it is mandatory to use `type="module"` with them.
> 
> Parcel allows ES6 builds by configuration in the package.json file by adding the `"type": "module"` parameter.
> If this parameter is not set Parcel will compile as CommonJS. 
> 
> ESM compiled scripts will load fine on a script tag without `"type="module"`. Though you should try to avoid it.
> See: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules#applying_the_module_to_your_html

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
+Additionally, Vite by default only allows ES6 builds. It will log a message to the console if you attempt to use its .js builds without the `type="module"` attribute in the script tag; otherwise, it will throw exceptions in the code. Therefore, it is mandatory to include `type="module"` with Vite builds.
+
+Parcel allows ES6 builds by setting the `"type": "module"` parameter in the package.json file. If this parameter is not set, Parcel will compile as CommonJS.
+
+ESM compiled scripts will load fine in a script tag without the `type="module"` attribute. However, you should try to avoid this. 
+For more details, see: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules#applying_the_module_to_your_html
```

Reviewer 3: Georg came up with these recommendations, won't say where he took them from ;)
